this is our Ramo camera and it will soon
be available in 4k right now this is
just our HD 1080p wearable camera it's
waterproof up to 1.5 meters or 6 feet so
you can have fun with it you can go
surfing with it and go rafting with it
it's good to go and also dust resistant
it doesn't need any other cover it
shoots 30 30 frames per second and the
4k one will also shoot 30 frames per
second
and so basically you can wear it for
sports
absolutely sports stuff right you can
wear it if you're climbing for surfing
you can wear from anything for sports
but we have some people that are racers
they'd like to wear them but we also
have a lot of people that love to wear
them at home or in their business as
well it's a great first-person
perspective this is completely insane
Claudia 4k and this is all shot with the
4k variable and here we have 4k food
it's all awesome and over here this is a
real time this is real time so we have
our mannequin here screaming live
right we will real light
right
how soon first half of the year a year
and right now this this is full HD and
this is available right now you can get
it how much it cost
it's only $1.99 all right so it's really
affordable trim here sure this is your
control panel
so you can turn it on record take
pictures and connect to the Wi-Fi and
you can use this Wi-Fi to connect to a
smartphone or tablet so that your
friends or yourself can control your
camera from their smart phone or their
tablet yeah and it makes it super easy
to get it on Facebook and on Google do
whatever you want damage for this table
there and that means the batteries
exactly on battery this is the battery
and also it takes a micro SD card the HD
one at least